Add changelog entry for October 22, 2025 update (#1358)
nginx/documentation: content/nginx-one/changelog.md

Stay up-to-date with what's new and improved in the F5 NGINX One Console.

## October 22, 2025

### Network IO Rate is now presented as a rate in instance observability

> The system traffic in and out values presented within the instance details view and metrics tab are now presented as a rate of bits per second as labeled instead of a cumulative value.

Reviewer: Shorter sentences / phrases are easier to understand. And we want the user to relate. so I suggest:

```suggestion
### Observability: Network IO is now presented as a rate

For each instance, you can now review system traffic, in and out, in bits per second. NGINX One Console no longer uses a cumulative value.
```
